---
title: "Sunday May 1, 2005"
slug: "sunday-may-1-2005"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/sunday-may-1-2005/"
date: 2005-05-01
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

Kansas was a lot of fun.
 I tented with Luke Bushatz which was very exciting. We had a great time, other than the fact that our tent was closer to a swimming pool the first two nights. Actually, only the foot of my sleeping bag and half of my pillow were wet. The top half of my pillow was soaked, so I turned in upside down: easy fix. The third day was dry, so we dried out all our stuff. All except I didn't dry my clothes. So, I was a little soggy until I could stand by the fire. Yes, the weather was unseasonably cold. One day was even colder than this last Christmas. That means: it was 50 degrees.
 That cold day was a good day though. Thursday. We all went to these folks the Bookmans. We were staying at the Senne's place. These folks and the Barrs are all Christians and friends. So we watched this guy Spencer (Burt Bookmans grandson) break 2 horses. The first only took 45 minutes. The second was more stubborn, so it took over and hour. Then from the Bookman's, Shari, Teresa, Callie, Sandy, and I saddled up with Spencer and Papa Shoe and took a long ride over the open prairies. We rode for several miles until we came to the Barr's ranch. There we helped in a cattle drive bringing a large herd of cattle to a distant pasture. Then we headed back to the Barr's and sat around inside with the Barrs and Sennes eating some biscuits and nectarine jam. And cake and cookies. And hot chocolate. Then we mounted again and brought the horses back to the Senne's where they stable. It was an all-afternoon ride. Yes, that was just about the highlight of the trip for me.
 We stayed some of the nights at the Shoemaker's house like a 30-person family. And they had absolutely no furniture anywhere in the house to get in the way, so that was very nice. We played games until late hours, which was about midnight, since we were all so tired from the treks each day. Sleeping bags all over the floor.
 I took several pictures (173).
 Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
