---
title: "Sunday December 25, 2005"
slug: "sunday-december-25-2005"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/sunday-december-25-2005/"
date: "2005-12-25"
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

At first I thought I was losing the Christmas Spirit. Each year I seemed to have less and less. I was afraid that this year it would finally be totally gone. I assumed that last year was going to be the last year I had any Christmas Spirit.
 And I was right.
 And yet, I was wrong.
 You see, I finally realized that all that expectancy, the hype about decorations, the feeling of "I can't believe it's finally here" was all selfish. Everything pointed towards my gifts. And as I matured I became less selfish and greedy and the amazing aurora the enveloped Christmas faded into a dim fog. I was losing the Christmas Spirit as Christmas became less important to me.
 And then this year I realized it. I had taken all the meaning out of Christmas, as faulty as that meaning was. I had neglected to re-infuse Christmas with it's true meaning. This year, in the weeks leading to Christmas I had done some reading on who Christ is, His uniqueness, and some reflection on that. And so when Christmas arrived I had a sense of awe. All of a sudden, Christmas is Christmas-y again, but in a better, miraculous way.
 Last year marked the end of the old Christmas Spirit. This year marks the start of the new Christmas Spirit. So for all of you out there saying,
 "Merry Christmas,"
 I am finally on my way towards having my best Christmas ever. May Christ become ever more real to me.
 Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
