---
title: "Thursday May 26, 2005"
slug: "thursday-may-26-2005"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/thursday-may-26-2005/"
date: 2005-05-26
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

Tuesdat night was JRod's recital. It was perfect. JRod really played well. The large audience went so wild at the end that he was forced to give an encore. He gave a short but powerful testimony before playing a solo improvisation on Amazing Grace. Sarah did an amazing job accompanying him. Really a treat to listen to. JRod made that recital professional quality.
 On Wednesday my family came in, just in time for the Verity Chamber Orchestra concert. That concert will probably be the highlight of my week. I got to conduct my Symphony No. 2 in F Major. I am very happy with how the piece turned out and with the way the musicians played it. They are a great and fun group of folks. It is so exciting to hear live something I have written. That was by far the largest group that has ever played one of my compositions. Oh wow, it was fun.
 Afterwards came the student wills. Very funny. There were so many good memories floating around the room. And the poll results were great, although sometimes surprising. Thanks Teresa for that. And then, sadness of sandnesses!, the last volleyball night of the school year. It was a lot of fun. I hope I will be able to play volleyball like that again sometime.
 My Symphony has been performed! I am still feeling way up because of that.
 Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
