---
title: "Monday May 8, 2006"
slug: "monday-may-8-2006"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/monday-may-8-2006/"
date: "2006-05-08"
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

Truth is important. I like truth, usually. I like knowing things, and knowing those things are right. But sometimes I see myself, the inside me, and I want to forget the Truth. I want to think that the Truth is not really the truth, and something else is the truth. As Pastor Shoemaker says, "People prefer to believe what they prefer to be true." Sometime I just prefer want the truth to make me comfortable. But if truth is really that important, even to the point of Jesus calling Himself "the Truth," why do we take such pains to protect ourselves from it. And even if we're honest with the truth to ourselves, why do we try to insulate others from it? Is it some kind of socially acceptable paradox? Modifying a Randy Alcorn quote, why does a Christian from Portland care some much about the delicate psyche of a man from Chicago as they both fly to Philadelphia the he doesn't tell him the Truth? If the Truth be true, we should all be willing to accept, spread, and defend it. I notice this type of adherence to truth is lacking greatly. And it starts with me. I notice that my adherence to truth can be selective. Well, it Truth is true, it's true all the time. May Truth matter to me.
By the way, the seemingly erratic capitalization was somewhat planned.
Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
