---
title: "Tuesday June 13, 2006"
slug: "tuesday-june-13-2006"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/tuesday-june-13-2006/"
date: 2006-06-13
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

The representatives of both companies showed up today. They were hear to see their products be processed by or machines.

The first company had there stuff running on the big dryer. It was quite the chemical experiment when we mixed it in the big tank yesterday. The liquid has four main ingredients that we mixed together plus a special acid to get the pH right. Then once it’s been turned to power with mix it with the other powered to keep it from clumping. It’s some sort of silicon or latex. So these rubber people showed up today: two big guys named Jim and a little woman. The commission spent the day watching the machines run. They say the companies they sell this latex power to won't tell them what the make with it. It makes you wonder what they're up to…

The other company sent its president. And founder. And for all we know - its only guy. This was some stuff called Mangosteen. It’s a fruit (unrelated to the Mango, interestingly) from the South Pacific that is apparently really tasty. The skin is really healthy but bitter. This paste was the entire organic mangosteen blended up, so it was bitter. I tried some. The guy was a health nut, with the strongest use of the word.  And he was odd. He came dressed all in all sorts of blue. He had a blue skull cap that he never took off, blue tinted glass, blue t-shirt with blue undershirt, blue flip-flops. And get this, blue capris! It was odd. He carried around a blue cooler with he kept health drinks in. He wouldn't drink the water because it wasn't filtered. He had no sense of humor, he only laughed when something wasn't funny. He was fairly worried the whole way through the process of preparing his mangosteen, although he tried to act calm. He’s not an actor. I think the guy can actually see germs – he acted like it, and he’s not an actor. So we're going to dry his stuff into powder tomorrow. I hope he doesn't have a heart attack while we're doing it, because there’s bound to be some impurities somewhere, even if they're next door. But if he does, we'll just give him mangosteen. To hear him talk, mangosteen is clinically proven to cure every known ailment, and most of the unknown ones. He was a character. I still can't get over the capris. Wouldn't you know, he’s from California.

And that is what I'm doing with my music degree!

Ryan

Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com

