---
title: "Thursday March 16, 2006"
slug: "thursday-march-16-2006"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/thursday-march-16-2006/"
date: 2006-03-16
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

A good quote; long, but worth it.
From William M. Thayer's Gaining Favor With God and Man, Chapter 35 - Infidelity a Foe to Success. Written in 1893, this is a strong defense of Christianity and an interesting glimpse into the culture of a over a century ago.
    Skepticism is not evidence of smartness or strong-mindedness, as many youth of our day suppose .Christianity has exerted too great an influence upon man and nations to be treated with contempt, or spoken of with flippant insinuation. The best men are Christian men, and the best nations are Christian nations. The best of everything we call Christian. The best institution is a Christian institution, and the best enterprise is a Christian enterprise, and it is because these things are imbued with the Christina religion, which is the only religion that ever materially advanced the human race, and the facts of history prove.
    On the other hand, infidelity never did one good thing for mankind; and by infidelity we mean, not only the skeptical, but also the deistical and atheistical views that antagonize Christianity. They are all manifestations of that hostility to religion which is popularly know as infidelity in our time. Men are no wiser for it, and society no purer for it. Human progress is no greater for it, and the human race was never in the least improved by it. Infidelity cannot point to an institution or enterprise, domestic, social, intellectual, or moral, of its own getting up, that has conferred a blessing upon mankind--not one! And this is saying the best thing that can be said of it; for the statement does not rehearse the painful demoralization of individuals and communities which its actual history records.
    There is no reason in this word, then, why any youth of our day should cater to infidelity, even in its mildest form. As it never bestowed a single benefit upon a person, young or old, it deserves no favor. As it has proved a barrier to success in many instances, it deserves repudiation. By discarding the highest inspiration possible to a noble life, it is without the least claim upon our confidence and respect. The youth who rejects God and the Bible as His revelation, is, by general consent, disqualified to hold important trusts. The employer does not want him. There is no responsible position for him in store or bank. he has rejected the sure basis of moral principle, and hence is distrusted. the advertisement, "a young man who does not believe in God or the Holy Scriptures desires a situation in a warehouse or bank," would not make an opening for him. He has advertised the best reason why thoughtful men should not employ him. The proclamation of his unbelief is inimical to a successful life.
Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
