---
title: "Sunday October 15, 2006"
slug: "sunday-october-15-2006"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/sunday-october-15-2006/"
date: 2006-10-15
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

It was a pretty all-around good day. Faas and I went to both services this morning. It was neat to hear the differences in the sermons. So alike, but a few little changes in delivery. I like being able to sing really loud with all the other Christians.
After the service we took some folks out for lunch at Macky's, a delightful local restaurant. It ended up being quite a few people. Pastor Allen, the three Hollingsworth kids (Nneka, etc) and two of their friends, and the Smith family. It was a lot of fun. After having nothing to do with our money other than buy bagels and paper plates, a few taxes and a tithe, and then stash the remainder in a nationally recognized financial institution - it's good to spend some on others. I think the satisfaction from generosity is underrated. "Buying for others - the new materialism." And what a blast we had! Good conversations. It was kind of funny, we were basically out of cash. Faas doesn't carry any, and I always do, but was low. So we only managed to tip about 12%. I moseyed over the the waiter and told him we'd get the rest to him next week. He kind of smiled because he sees us so often. Pastor Shoe had it right when he put a big emphasis on tipping well. It's amazing how big an impact just a few dollars can have. Especially when it's obvious you just came from church - we need to be a good witness of other-centeredness.
This afternoon we played some soccer over at Rumsey with a bunch of Mexicans and highschoolers. Also a few older guys. Tons of fun. There's this one guy Arturo who is really good and really likes to help us out and show us some moves. He also goes to Ponderosa Baptist with us.
That was a pretty rambling post about boring ordinary (if you weren't there). If you read it all, thank you. If you only just skimmed through it, join the crowd, I did too.
Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
