---
title: "Thursday August 24, 2006"
slug: "thursday-august-24-2006"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/thursday-august-24-2006/"
date: 2006-08-24
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

Wouldn't it be kind of neat if I was "A Legend In My Own Time"? (or you can apply to yourself) However, 'legendary' is not one of my stronger character traits. I don't want to be famous: the reporters might get annoying if they weren't personal friends. Also, fame is fairly transient and superficial. I would rather have done something that is a little more lasting and significant. Something that doesn't need mass approval to validate it, but instead can stand on it's own as a testament to greatness. And the only greatness I have is through Christ. Who can forget the swelling crescendo of inspiration found in the last verses of Hebrews 11? When it tells of people "Who through faith subdued kingdoms, wrought righteousness, obtained promises, stopped the mouths of lions, quenched the violence of fire, escaped the edge of the sword, out of weakness were made strong, waxed valiant in fight, turned to flight the armies of the aliens." Then reaching a climax where it declares "of whom the world was not worthy" Concluding that "these all, having obtained a good report through faith, received not the promise: God having provided some better thing for us, that they without us should not be made perfect." We are God's chosen trumpet of redemption. The world, though not worthy of legends, needs them desperately. A legend need not be named, lauded, or memorialized in poetry and song, he must be faithful. This is about challenge, about saving the world from certain destruction. Why must I sit around in church on Sunday being a 'smiling nice guy' for all I'm worth? Why do I feel so little desire to read my Bible, pray deeply, and do important things for God? Because I haven't faces the Great Challenge: "make disciples." That is the true difference between fame and legend: the difference between fickle masses of unattached 'fans' and individual people who've actually been touched, helped, inspired, and made into a disciple of Jesus. Yet, disturbingly, my response to such pep is lethargic, as to all Christian discipline where I prefer a mediocrity disguised as "maturity." I need to catch the fire. Bring me back dead or alive, I'm starting on an epic quest. I'm off to find a place among the "great cloud of witnesses," to find that 'something more' that will change Christianity from a religion into a inherent lifestyle, where I'm not a member of it, it's a defining part of me. I'm off to catch the legendary fire. Bring me back dead or alive.
Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
