---
title: "Sunday September 10, 2006"
slug: "sunday-september-10-2006-2"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/sunday-september-10-2006-2/"
date: "2006-09-10"
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

I'm not what you would call an evangelist, or a fisher of men, or a proclaimer of truth and salvation. I'm a follower of Christ trying to follow Christ, and follow Him closer, and somehow managing to not tell anyone about it. It's not that I don't want to share my faith, it's just that I never happen to be in the situation where I have the opportunity to share me faith. Because I don't look for opportunities or recognize the ones that come.
Well, I started asking God for opportunities and I got one tonight. This girl who works at the coffeeshop tonight introduced me to this regular customer. I'd seen him around, so I started talking to him. And something inside said, "this is it." So I tried to share my faith, God knows I did. But somehow it didn't work.
The guy is weird. He seems to have no brain but a lot of ideas. Yet somewhere in there he has some understanding. I spent about 30 minutes trying to get past him to his heart and his understanding, but it didn't work. Also, our vocabularies have different definitions, so I'm not even sure if what he heard is what I mean. He doesn't believe in God or heaven because he apparently doesn't realize there's a God or a heaven to believe in. His ideas about death are also somewhat confusing. In that, I wonder if he realizes that death is death.
I was able to convince him that that bad things are not what's wrong with the world, but the evil hearts from which the bad things come. Then I got him to agree that the only way to prevent bad things is for a person's evil heart to change into a good heart. So I hope that this, perhaps new, understanding of the spiritual difference between good and bad at a heart level proves fruitful. I encouraged him to read John and ask me any questions he might have. We'll see what happens.
Ephesians 1:3-6 "Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ: according as He hath chosen us in Him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before Him in love: having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to Himself, according to the good pleasure of His will, to the praise of the glory of His grace, wherein He hath made us accepted in the beloved."
I'm VERY glad that God saves people, not me. Because I sure didn't save that man. Those whom God has chosen will come to Him no matter how bad I might mess up my words.  I pray that God can use my poor ramblings to stir this man's heart to faith in Christ.
Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
