---
title: "Monday January 23, 2006"
slug: "monday-january-23-2006"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/monday-january-23-2006/"
date: 2006-01-23
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

In response to Courtney's comment on my last post. She has a good point, and it's very well said, but I think it's a bit off. Here's her comment and my explanation.
the greatest thing about that verse [speaking of my quotation of 2 Timothy 3:16-17], is it was speaking of the OT. The New wasn't even written when that was spoken. People forget that. Posted by [trustingstill](../../trustingstill)
 2nd Timothy was one of the last New Testament books written, so I believe that Paul was speaking most certainly of the New Testament also. Although, the Old Testament was surely included in that statement. As to weather Paul and the other apostles knew were writing scripture under the inspiration of God, there seems to be no question that they did, and everyone else seems to know also. In fact, in Peter quotes Paul as scripture:
"Bear in mind that our Lord’s patience means salvation, just as our dear brother Paul also wrote you with the wisdom that God gave him. He writes the same way in all his letters, speaking in them of these matters. His letters contain some things that are hard to understand, which ignorant and unstable people distort, as they do the other Scriptures, to their own destruction." 2 Peter 3:15,16
The Greek word in that passage is mostly used in it's other 50 appearances in the New Testament as referring to the Old Testament, whereas here it is used to refer to Paul's writings as being equal to the others, such as Moses's writings. That is a strong statement for a Jew to make.
 Further, Paul quotes Luke as scripture in his previous letter to Timothy:
"For the Scripture says, ‘You shall not muzzle an ox while it treads the grain,’ and, ‘the laborer is worthy of his wages.’" 1 Timothy 5:18
The first passage is from Deuteronomy 25:4, but the second is from Jesus's statement in Luke 10:7 which is nowhere found in the Old Testament. Paul is clearly implying that Luke's book is equal to Moses's book. Again, pretty strong for a Jew. This is the only other time that the Greek word *graphe* is used to mean the Old AND New Testaments.
 Also, there was very little conflict in the early church as to what new writings were scripture. Only 7 books had their authority questioned, and those only rarely and for minor reasons that were easily solved. Even as the time of their writing, the 27 books in the New Testament were widely accepted as scripture. God inspired it, and Christians had no trouble discerning it was true.
 In conclusion, I believe that the New Testament was almost completely written when Paul wrote his verse on all scripture being inspired and profitable. Second, He clearly regarded the New Testament to be part of the ALL. On the other hand, I think Courtney is right, the modern Christians often seem to think that the New Testament is more relevant than the Old Testament, and I think she's right in saying the the Old Testament is vitally important also.
 I hope this makes sense and is helpful to you all.
 Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
