---
title: "Thursday June 8, 2006"
slug: "thursday-june-8-2006"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/thursday-june-8-2006/"
date: 2006-06-08
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

God has continued to take care of me.

On Monday, Mom and I flew out to Pheonix, Arizona. We got one of Delta's old Song airplanes, which means one thing: DishNetwork equipped TVs in the back of each headrest! I watched a a documentary on the 3rd Armored Division of the US Army which was really neat, and then an old John Wayne movie where he acts like a jerk and breaks his wife's heart and his own body the entire movie and then at the end when he retires as a legend in the Navy you're supposed to be happy. I wasn't happy - he acted terribly towards his wife - there was no "living with her in an understanding way" about any of it. And Mom watched the Food Channel (whatever it's called) and took notes. It was pretty funny seeing sitting there with her earbuds in squinting at the little screen taking notes and groaning "yum."

And then we met up with Mrs. Sally Dickason who's a friend of my aunt. She is highly nice. She drove her car with us (we had a rental without cruise control) the entire way to Payson (long way - 100 mi.) and got us settled into the cabin she got worked out with a friend of her's for me to rent, and then drove back to Pheonix that night. So I've had a place to stay from the first night.

On Tuesday Mom and I went to the plant to use the internet where we discovered the my Dell power cord is broken again, this is the third one I've had, so we ordered a new one, and then shopped for cars online. Finally we decided to look around in Payson quickly before heading to Pheonix in hopes of finding a car there in the 'bigger pool.' Well, we bumped into this place and they had a lot of expensive cars and then this one cheap one which was a '99 Buick Century which was the model Mom thought I should buy. We checked it out and took it for a ride, and let my boss take it for a ride since he's good with cars, and then they gave us an even better deal. So we went back to the plant and I used the phone to sign up for insurance and then I bought it. So now I'm a car owner. And get this, God led us to it first off without hardly any looking around! Now I know some of you might think I was hasty (I hope it doesn't fall apart tomorrow!), but I'm just trusting God with everything - and He's doing a grand job. So I just spent 3 times more money than I've ever had at once before in my life. Fortunately Dad had some he could lend me for a little while, so I'll pay him back when it starts to come in with this job.

So after we got the car, Mom said "why stick around?" so she left on Wednesday. And I've been working these last two days. I'm officially started and on my way to becoming my own person. By the way, I worked 14 hours yesterday (my first day), and I've been here almost 12 so far today - I hope it levels out to less later! I'm just praying that the Lord gives me as much spiritual blessings as He's been giving me physical, monetary, and logistical blessings.

This will be a time where I can think back as say, "look at how much the Lord loves me."

I'll send pictures of the cabin and car later when my laptop is running again. Fortunately I have these work computers I can use.

Ryan

Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com

