---
title: "Tuesday July 31, 2007"
slug: "tuesday-july-31-2007"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/tuesday-july-31-2007/"
date: 2007-07-31
tags: ["life is weird", "Payson AZ"]
categories: ["Journal", "Xanga"]
description: ""

---

So I was driving down the "Beeline" highway which forms the main drag of Payson and I came upon a semi parked directly across the entire five lanes of bi-direction traffic. So I stopped to see what was up. Also, he was blocking my path. But he was just backing into the little health food store. It was actually nerve-wracking because there was a crunched trunk licking my rear bumper. I mean, the guy had already proven he couldn't drive, I didn't want him reliving the moment on me. Not only was the front caved in, the whole truck was swayback, like a horse. It positively sagged in the middle. And then he passes me in the turn lane so that he could be second in line for the red light instead of back in, oh that's right, still second place because I was turning into WAL\*MART.
Did you know that the returns bin for candy at WAL\*MART is labeled "Dept. 1." Other than the obvious display of priorities, you have to wonder, why would you return candy? And what would you say? "But ma'am, I only used it once!"
The girl in front of me in line had a DVD: I asked her if it had a defective plot line. Turns out that she was there because the lines were shorter. Shorter in length certainly, but not quicker. There have a ritual ceremony they have you go through to return the whatever-it-is. And nobody has their receipts because they aren't valuable for saving like old phone books or wheat pennies. I, of course, am different and conscientious. I have all my receipts stuffed into the center console of me car, except for the ones scattered around the dryer in little fuzzy balls. Come to think of it, even my console receipts are useless since they all turned very dark gray when I left my car parked in Phoenix on Light Broil for a week. But the principle still stands, whatever it was.
Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
