---
title: "Monday February 27, 2006"
slug: "monday-february-27-2006"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/monday-february-27-2006/"
date: "2006-02-27"
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

This was written 113 years ago in 1893 by William M. Thayer in his book Gaining Favor with God and Man, Chapter 20: Reading Newspapers.
[After speaking of the enormous circulation of the newspapers and periodicals of his day.] (emphasis mine)
    Hence the great power of journalism in our land to-day. Dr. Porter, of Yale College, says that journalism "is very largely the educator and controller of public sentiment, and hence has become a most potent instrument and depository of power. The editor is at this moment, apparently, more influential than preachers, judges, or legislators. He is mightier than all these united." If this be true, the sooner it is recognized as an important element of the American culture, the better it will be for the young of our day, and the better, also, for the future of our growing country.
    But there is much that is "trashy" in our periodical literature, it is said. Very true; and much that is "flashy," also; but such is to be avoided. The care and discrimination that will select suitable books from the thousands that fill our libraries, will readily choose a first-class journal for the family, school, or office; and only such should be selected for instruction and culture.
So true, even today over a century later. It's good that the mainstream press is finally losing it's monopoly on information.
Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
