---
title: "Sunday November 14, 2004"
slug: "sunday-november-14-2004"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/sunday-november-14-2004/"
date: 2004-11-14
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

These last three days have been wonderful. Every event has either been enjoyable or possible to enjoy. Not everything that it is possible to enjoy is enjoyable, its all about perspective.
 **Friday**
 The morning started out with microeconomics class. I had taken the Humanities practice test on Thursday afternoon and felt good about that test. Microeconomics was a different story. I did not feel good about it at all. I spent the entire class time half listening to the teacher, half cramming from the notes.
 At 1:00 I went in for microeconomics. I did not feel good about the test, I was thinking it was about 50/50 whether I would pass or not. I passed. Then I took humanities, which was a very fun test, and passed very well on it. So, first 3 credits, then 6 credits. It was my first time to do two tests in one week. I am now a junior with 66 credits. That made me feel real good.
 In the evening the music department had an end-off-term recital. I played Prelude in E Minor by Chopin, which was probably the easiest piece on the program. All the other folks played or sang these really hard, amazing pieces. It was simple wonderful. I was extremely happy with how my piece turned out. It is the first recital I've ever played in where I could not remember one mistake I made during the piece (I probably messed something up, but I didn't notice). What an encouragement. God is so good about giving me a boost when I need one. I was feeling tired and worn out, as if all my life and work was futile, and then God lets me accomplish something and I just feel reenergized. After all the soloists came the premier performance of the Verity Chamber Orchestra (or VCO). I got to conduct the piece I had arranged. Oh boundless joy! Many of you could not possibly know the pinnacle of experience it is to hear a live group produce the music you have created under your very fingers. As I flourished my hands with fervent gestures, as the bank of musicians wrought wonders of skill, as the music swelled to life and wafted through the room, I was happy, immensely happy.
**Saturday**
 Saturday morning started out a little slow, a little sad. The first two event of the day: Sarah Ness left and Brystol Reckner left (the Reckners are longtime family friends). Well, I guess Brystol wasn't so sad since my family is going to spend Thanksgiving with the Reckners, what fun! But it's kind of sad to see friends leave. I guess what hit me was the realization that the rest of Verity will be leaving next weekend. I can honestly say that well over a half of all my friends and almost all of my close friends are here at Verity. I'm really going to miss the Verity folks during Winter Break.
 After the sendings off, I went out to a birthday party for Galen Houser. It was a very fun time to see an old friend. Then came soccer. I love that game, even though my team lost. I made a few good moves. I guess that will be my last game for awhile. Maybe we can play in the snow next year!
 I the evening was the Christmas Banquet and Talent Show. What a fun time. The food was great. The talent show was funny. I played in a violin choir and acted in a Greek Tragedy. The drama was a smashing success. I tell you what; they really put on a good banquet. It was tons better that the other banquet I went to: a COMMIT banquet. That was trash. No fun at all. And the food was the most un-there stuff possible; it only made me hungrier. So, this banquet was top-notch production. Afterwards I had the rare opportunity to play a harp. That's always a fun little event; plucking strings like an angel on a cloud. And Elisabeth Eddy plays harp also; very neat. I had never pictured her as a harpist, but then again, she probably had never suspected me either. So we had an informal harp playing competition. She won hands down. She had five years of lessons; I had 5 minutes of Walter Piston's book, Orchestration. But I managed to get through "Lo, How a Rose E'er Bloo-oo-ming" and "Oh Come Let Us A-doooore Him." "Hey, I don't wan'a be playin' no sec'nd harp to no angel. I reckon if'n I get some harpin' in afore I git ta Glow-ry, I'll git me-self a nice front row cloud."
**Sunday**
 And now it's Sunday. Today wasn't a great day because of anything that happened. Nothing extremely special happened. I went to church, and the message was very good. It was about giving rather than getting. That is something I always need to hear because I'm all about giving out of my surplus. Problem: I have no surplus. Solution: I don't give anything to anyone. Problem: That is a bad solution. Solution: Kill selfishness and develop a giver's heart. Jesus said, "He who gives to the least of these, gives to Me." Wow. I went to a saxophone recital and an organ concert with JRod: two locations, two nice programs, two fine artists, and two receptions. It was a fun time.
 However, the really fun today was this feeling of "everything is good, God is good." Today was the calm after an exciting weekend. I just felt happy. I can't wait to see my family again. If Saturday morning I felt sad seeing Sarah leave, knowing that Micah King had already left and that more folks are leaving throughout next week, today I felt happy that I am leaving in only one week. No longer sad to leave, but now happy to go. I will be home! Speaking of giving, I feel like giving everyone in my family a million dollars for Christmas. I just want to sit around the tree with them again! My heart is full and eyes are tired. Goodnight. I thank you all for your part in my weekend.
 And with that, another small chapter of my life came to a close.
 Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
