---
title: "Monday June 13, 2005"
slug: "monday-june-13-2005"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/monday-june-13-2005/"
date: 2005-06-13
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

It's just one of those interesting things. Have you ever consciously looked out of the extreme corner of your eye? Do it now. Look over as far as you can to the left. Now look back and continue reading (aha!, you must have been peaking, otherwise you could not have read this). So, now we can be almost certain that we all have consciously looked out of the extreme corner of our eye, to the left. What did you see? You probably saw what ever was the extreme left of you. That is what is amazing. When you look way left you see what is on your left. You think, "of course, it's always like that." But what you don't realize is that the thing that is amazing is the fact that that is normal. You don't think of what could be. Now let us think about this. When our left eye looks left it sees what's on our left side. Normal. But when our right eye looks left it sees... our nose! That's right. Do you remember seeing your nose when you jest took that long conscious look to the left? Now of course, all of you are looking to the left really hard and thinking, "yep, there's my nose, right where it's always been, of course, my nose." But the first time you looked you did not see your nose. Our brains must edit it out when we look sideways. And notice, if you look to the left and then gradually turn you head towards the left while continuing to look in the same direction, the objects do not shift around as the com into the right eye's field of view. Seamless imaging. Anyway, I just noticed that while I was going to sleep last night.
 How do you fall asleep?
 Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
