---
title: "Friday March 11, 2005"
slug: "friday-march-11-2005"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/friday-march-11-2005/"
date: 2005-03-11
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

JRod left for the weekend. Unfortunately, when he "comes back" he'll be at HQ in Chicago. That's where I'll be too. I leave Sunday morning for two weeks of music theory classes with Dr. M. Dean Kincaid. I'm looking forward to this a lot.
 I had a good piano lesson today because I practiced this week. I like my teacher. When I was younger I should have practiced harder, because now I have all this knowledge and desire and not much ability. Accelerated Verity is not the ideal time to catch up, considering my schedule. I'm trying. I watched Sarah play piano for a while tonight. Make magic is more like it: she is incredible! What an inspiration to me to practice. It seems so impossible to me that people can even play all that difficult music, yet Sarah's going to town on these pieces from memory, sounding like amazing \<insert awe here\>. James Beeman also is very good at improvising. His chords are so juicy. I can always tell it's him when I hear the piano because he's using sounds that only he can use. Wow, what a gift. I'm a composer and I think, "I wish I knew how to use that chord." Then I look at myself and say "Lord, use me." Because only God can make me useable. Both Sarah and James are playing in a recital on Saturday evening, I believe, at the FIM. Also some other Verity folks. Be there if you can, it's going to be fantastic.
 In other news: I played two matches in pingpong today. I barely beat Hannah Pierpont (21-19 - her, 22-20 - me, and 21-16 - me). It was so close. So then I advanced on and lost to Rachel Hung. I think I made a good showing (21-16 and 21-14). I didn't trail by too many. So I'm out of the tournament now. I'm fine with it, I was just glad I won one match.
Fran Lebowitz said, "Life is something to do when you can't get to sleep." I think I'm going to take a break from life becuase I can get to sleep very easy right now. Off.
 Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
