---
title: "Monday May 2, 2005"
slug: "monday-may-2-2005"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/monday-may-2-2005/"
date: 2005-05-02
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

I went bowling today as a part of the celebration of Laura's birthday. I did awful.
 I picked up 6 CD's at the library. I picked up some really good ones. There's this one that has some authentic old Ozark music. Emphasis on authentic. Wow, it's crazy. And some of the songs are pretty funny also. One's called Turnip Greens.
**Turnip Greens**
*Neil Morris*
 Well, I had a dream the other night, I dreamed that I could fly,
 Flapped my wings like and eagle, An flew up to the sky.
 At the gate I met Master Gabriel and he looked at me so keen
 He asked me what I'd have to eat and I told him "turnip greens."
 Master Gabriel also asked from what country did I fly.
 And I told him from the Ozarks that I flew up to the sky.
 He woundered why the men down there were rough and yet so clean.
 And I said, "Why Master Gabriel, it's them good ol' turnip greens."
 Turnip greens, turnip green, good ol' turnip green.
 Corn meal and butter milk, and good ol' turnip greens.
 Master Gabriel brought some angel food on a great big silvery bowl.
 He said if you would eat this it would rest your weary soul.
 Well, it didn't taste like taters and it didn't taste like beans.
 And it didn't have the flavor of them good ol' turnip greens.
 Master Gabriel said, "Young man, I see that you're not satisfied.
 You'd rather be down yonder on some Ozark mountainside.
 "So, I'll tell to you this story of the country of your birth:
 The Lord's a gettin' ready for His kingdom on the earth.
 "Tomorrow we'll be moving to that great land of the tree.
 That band you hear a playin' is the Ozark Jubilee."
 Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
