---
title: "Sunday February 13, 2005"
slug: "sunday-february-13-2005"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/sunday-february-13-2005/"
date: 2005-02-13
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

How is it that life can be so diverse and exciting? How is it that the human experience can be so intriguing? And how is it that we become bored, or even ‘normalized,’ so quickly?

About the third week I was in China I got an IM that read “What’s going on?” Thoughtlessly I answered back, “Just the usual.” How could I say that China was just the usual? That very day I had taught 26 3<sup>rd</sup> graders the concept of plural in English grammar. That is not the usual. Other things happening in my life then: I went out for a hair wash, massage, and milk tea (Chinese sweet potato flavored). I rode a rickshaw. Walked down entire streets where I was the only native English speaker. I was able to say “Ni how” and people understood me. That is not the usual life. Yet, it WAS the usual then, I was used to all this because it had happened the day before also. I admit, I never found China boring. I was not there long enough for that, but I did start to see some of the strange sights as ordinary. How can this happen so quickly?

Wondrous things are constantly around us. Amazing, mind-frying things. Things that challenge us to our core, things that rattle our delicate bubble of comfort, things that make us draw in our breath and gasp “wow.” You do not have to go to China to see neat things. China does not have a monopoly on experiences. The Orient is not the only place you can go to have you life changed and your outlook expanded. Anywhere you are there is opportunity for life. The little place you are right now is not completely dead, you’re there. You need to start living. They say that we learn something new every day. But you have to look for it. You have to want it. Life doesn’t force-feed you. Stuff will happen to you, like it or not, but you’ve got to act or react. If you just sit around and let things happen, you will be bored. Why be bored in such an amazing world?

Ryan

Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com

