---
title: "Friday January 21, 2005"
slug: "friday-january-21-2005"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/friday-january-21-2005/"
date: "2005-01-21"
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

**Wednesday, January 19, 2005**

 

I will pick up where I left off, that first tour of downtown Pinghu, Xinhua, Zhong Gua (China). When a person walks out the front gate of Pinghu Xinhua Compassion Senior High School, they are on one of the biggest streets in this city. It was my first brush with a culture entirely unfamiliar, and it was more than a brush, it was a head first plunge. First thing I noticed on the trip: everything is written in Chinese, this is not a touristy town, in fact, we may be the only Americans in the whole downtown: unlikely, but possible. There are some English words and phrases here and there but often the translations are so bad I still couldn't make out what they were trying to say. We went down the street a few blocks and then crossed the street to go to a little outdoor flea market lining a few back alleys. I will enter here that there are very few traffic laws here, and the ones they have are only suggestions. Dotted lines for lanes are frequently ignored, and traffic lights are more of colorful decorations, although they do provide some order, that is, if there even are lane markings and traffic lights. Mostly the intersections are just a free for all. One nice thing: no one speeds. Everyone drives real slow which is very handy. That is probably because 90% of the vehicles are bikes, mopeds, and rickshaws. Automobiles are rare, and most of them are taxis, small buses, or little vans. But we made it to the market. Everything is really cheap. We did not stop because we were on our way to the Bank of China to get our money exchanged. It took awhile because we had to get copies o our passport and visas before they would let us do it. So we went down this side street to a little copy shop and got the needed papers. I exchanged \$40 for £¤328.60. That would be 328 yen, 60 mao. The exchange rate is 1 dollar gets 8.2144 yen. The average yearly income here in Pinghu is 3,000 dollars, or 24,640 yen. That is 67 yen (\$8.20) a day, or 79 yen (\$9.60) per working day (6 a week). So now you know what to think, prices are based on a £¤80 yen a day average. A yen is only 12 cents US! And a mao is only 0.12 cents! So we saw the city and had a fun time. I rode back to the school in a rickshaw. I rickshaw looks like a bike in the front and a goat cart in the back and has a cloth roof over it. You hop it, say where you're going and enjoy the ride. It's really fun. The guy peddles you there. And it's cheap. You can go almost anywhere in the downtown for 4 yen (48 cents). And so my first brush with the city was great fun.

 

Wednesday lunch was my first real Chinese meal. It was fantastic. Chicken in sauce with peanuts, fried potato strips, and of course rice. I loved it. Every weekday at 12 and 5 we have our meals at the school cafeteria. All the meals have been varying degrees of good so far, and a few of the dishes have been repulsive to me. But fortunately Carter, JRod, Sandy, and Elisabeth Eddy liked the pig intestine. What ever suits them I guess.

 

After lunch was teacher training, arguably the most important thing we do each day. We must be ready to stand in front of the classes we will have. But all in all, it is just about the same stuff that we do a Verity, just in China.

We have our evening off, so that first night we went off and hit the town. Ben, Micah, Sarah, Kendra, Amanda, Shari, Sandy, Callie, Cristina, and I went out to find something. Anything. We went to the outdoor market again. We saw this little boy standing on a table swaying with the beat of the Chinese pop songs. We went to the supermarket and I bought a writing pad to jot down Chinese phrases, for 20 cents. Micah bought a ping pong paddle so he could challenge the school kids. Lastly, some of the girls wanted to get their hair washed. So we dropped Ben off with Sarah, Amanda, ad Cristina. Micah, Kendra, Shari, and I dropped Callie and Sandy back at the dorm and then hooked up with Bullinger, Garret, and Curtis. We went back to the market and took more side streets. Found a store selling gigantic flat screens for super cheap. Then we went back to the dorm. Ben didn't know this when he agreed to stay at the hair place, but the washing and massaging took 2 hours. Poor guy. He said it looked fun. I guess I'll trust him. I was very tired when I finally laid down for the night in my little dorm room. It had been one of the strangest and most enjoyable days of my life.

 

**Thursday, January 20, 2005**

 

Thursday we had a lot of teacher training in the morning. In the afternoon we went to Mo Shi Zhuang Yuan, an old house from the Ming Dynasty, c.1890. It was huge. It will take pictures to do the place justice. There were two of those seats on the poles thingies like the emperor would ride on the shoulders of his servants. Those were pretty neat. And they had two rock gardens. Rock gardens are a big deal here. After touring the house and kicking around in it for a long time, we were allowed to go wander around in the city. Sarah, Kendra, Margie, and I headed off to see some sights. We bumped around in a few ladies clothing shops that mostly sold fancy coats (like 200 yen!). In one shop I went in the whole store was about 12x12 including the clothes on the wall. I asked for the men's department. The lady chuckled. Of course she didn't have clue of what I just said, but I guess she thought it sounded funny in English. We walked along this canal and took many pictures of the bridges and boats and Chinese architecture. We played on a playground with the little kids. They loved it. We loved it too. Some of the shops we stopped at sold some pretty neat little trinkets. Then we took a rickshaw to the lake. We bumbled around in the park there for a while until we noticed this tall Chinese-looking tower sticking out of the buildings on the other side of the lake. So I asked this Chinese guy about it. He didn't understand a lick of what I was saying, but we managed to communicate. When we got there to the tower we found out his directions were right. It was a Buddhist temple. I mean, a real one. The compound was huge. All the walls were a bright burnt yellow that was pretty wild. There were many guys working on the pavement. We looked in the main building where the one priest was doing the incense and the other priest was doing the drums. There was a lot of gold and red silk there. We saw 3 huge Buddhas, about 10 lesser gold guys, and three monstrous stone women. They would not let us in the tower because in was completely unsafe. Took a rickshaw back to the school. It was really great afternoon.

 

I guess I'll update more later. On Thursday evening and on. I've run out of time to write: it's lunch time now. No cafeteria on weekends, so I'm going out with some folks to find a resturant.

Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com

