---
title: "Saturday March 26, 2005"
slug: "saturday-march-26-2005"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/saturday-march-26-2005/"
date: 2005-03-26
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

Class is officially over. The final exam is officially over. We are officially done. At 9 am we're all going back to the Staff Center, where we've had all the classes, so that we can get our grades from Dr. Kincaid. Since I finished the test first and turned in my papers first, Dr. Kincaid started grading my first. He gave me my score back before he left. And I got a 97. A note on Dr. Kincaid's grading: he was very upset with me the time I got 93 last September. He seemed fairly pleased when he gave me this 95, and then when I contested one of the answers he marked wrong, he was very happy that I got a 97. He just made a simple mistake grading. And the 3 points I lost were just a dumb mistake also, I answered a question about themes with an answer about motives. So he knows I know all the material well, so that makes him happy. He is an amazing teacher. I don't think I could do nearly as well with someone else. The tests are very hard, but not very difficult for us because he has so well prepared us for them.
 I'm happy.
 Except that my computer is still dead. Actually, the battery can still power it, so I got Kristin to charge my battery for me because she has the same model computer. Then I used 5 of the 20 minutes my battery gives me to retrieve some important files from my computer. Files I nee to use. So that is good.
 Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
