---
title: "Friday December 16, 2005"
slug: "friday-december-16-2005"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/friday-december-16-2005/"
date: 2005-12-16
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

I watched Pride and Prejudice (1995 A&E) last night. It was a very good movie. Except for Mrs. Bennett. She's the heroine's mom, and is the most obnoxious person I've ever had to deal with 5 hours straight. Praise the Lord I have a good mom. The other aspects of the movie are really good. It's nice character study, so I guess in that way even Mrs. Bennett was effective. The heroine and her male character that she finally gets permanently attached (married) to were definitely the best characters. As they should be. If you want to watched the movie be warned: there are many unpleasant characters in the first half, but the second half considerably speeds up and many of the unpleasant characters either disappear or are given much smaller roles since the director was probably getting pretty tired of them by then also, for which we all are very grateful. In all, it's a good movie and at the end we all are happy seeing how everything ends up so perfectly and we can finally return to a world that does not contain Mrs. Bennett.
 Today was Lydia's (9) and Beethoven's (235) birthdays! We got a saddle (for Lydia), and bridle and other various equine accoutrements. Was she ever happy! We could not ascertain Beethoven's opinion. Then we had fondue for dinner. We had a two-pot system, which is a system consisting of two pots. We almost had a reenactment of Chernobyl on the southwestern pot - while my fondue was in it. I was totally innocent. I think. I helped clean the kitchen afterwards. Happy Birthday dear sister.
 Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
