---
title: "Monday August 22, 2005"
slug: "monday-august-22-2005"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/monday-august-22-2005/"
date: 2005-08-22
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

I did not say I was going to go completely off internet. This is not a vow but a purpose. The goal of this is for me to spend more time with God, and some of that had to come from internet time, since I can't really neglect my studies very much. I was just giving you a heads-up for when you didn't get any comments on your xanga.

Some meditations from today

=   =   =   =   =

*Thou art wearied in the greatness of thy way; yet saidst thou not, There is no hope:
 thou hast found the life of thine hand; therefore thou wast not grieved.*
Isaiah 57:10

How much of my life does God control? I fear that I am too good at being the boss of my life. I am weary with the greatness of my ways. These are not God's way, these are my ways. But I do not say there is no hope. I only see the greatness of my ways. I do not see the weariness. I believe there is hope. I can do this. I am able. I am my boss. I love me. I have a wonderful plan for my life. I.

I am selfish.

Then I realize it. I found my life in my hands. My palms clutch the joystick. Am I grieved? No, because the greatness of my ways.

Really, I have a good life, really. That is a good thing. No, because it is not ruled by God. Isaiah 57 concludes by saying, *"There is no peace, saith my God, to the wicked."* Maybe I'm not wicked. But there is no peace for those that rule their life. There is weariness in the greatness of you ways. If that, then can my ways really be that great?

How would I even start to live with empty hands?

Isaiah 57:15, *"For thus saith the high and lofty One that inhabiteth eternity, Whose name is Holy; I dwell in the high and holy place, with him also that is of a contrite and humble spirit, to revive the spirit of the humble, and to revive the heart of the contrite ones."*

Humility is the answer. I must realize my ways are not great. I must surrender. No more being boss. I must repent and grieve and submit. I must not be selfish.

=   =   =   =   =

*And the scripture was fulfilled which saith, Abraham believed God, and it was imputed
 unto him for righteousness: and he was called the Friend of God.*
James 2:23

*"And he was called the Friend of God."* What an amazing label! To be called a friend has this idea of intimacy and commonality. It is almost like he and God were a team. I want that. I want to be a friend of God. But why was Abraham called God's friend?"

*"Abraham believed God."* Faith, trust, confidence, risk taking, daring to obey, sticking your neck out of your comfy bed. Abraham had a reckless assurance that God was worthy of confidence. As Pastor Shoemaker says, "Faith is looking away to God: treating Him as if He's real and His promises are true." This belief that Abraham had was beyond common faith, this was a conscious, physical committal of his entire self into the direct commands of God. His belief was more than an inert thought, it was a purposeful lifestyle. He was engrossed in the procedure of slaughtering his heir when God stayed Abraham's action because he had decisively proved that his belief was more than brain deep.

*"And it was imputed unto him for righteousness."* Visible faith is righteousness. God is righteous; therefore, anything Godlike is righteous. When Abraham was imputed as righteous, he was basically realized to be Godlike. Someone so caught up in God that he becomes a true believer is righteous in some degree. As a person becomes closer to God, he becomes more righteous. Of course, it is not really his righteousness that he has, but God's righteousness reflected through his life.

*"And he was called the Friend of God."* Notice that it says "was called," not "was." This does not so much say that he was the friend of God as much as he was seen that way by those around him. This is the force of testimony. God's righteousness reflected through him caused others around to honor the Lord, even if unconsciously. I want my life to be a witness like that. I want to be called "the friend of God."

=   =   =   =   =

I want Jesus to be more than just my God or my Savior: I want Him to be my treasure. The Bible says many things like "rejoice in all things," "in His law doth he meditate day and night," and "pray without ceasing." Christianity is not a weekly or daily thing, it is a constant thing. May I fully realize that Jesus is all I have. May He be my perpetual reality.

Ryan

Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com

