---
title: "Saturday August 20, 2005"
slug: "saturday-august-20-2005"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/saturday-august-20-2005/"
date: "2005-08-20"
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

Yesterday night was very fun at the Shoemaker's house. And today was nice at the Kroon's. Thank you all.
 I've been thinking recently about several things related to my spiritual life, and several talks and encouragements I've recieved all support my thoughts. Especially Mr. Schrader's two talks: 3 John about havinbg a spiritual life as healthy as your body, and 1 Peter 2:2 on desiring to read the Bible.
 I was really tired, and sort of sad, tonight towards the end of the Kroon's party and I decided to leave early. I hate being sad. But God really blessed me for leaving early, because I rode back with the Castelino's, and we sang old childhood Sunday School songs the whole way back. It was really fun.
 So anyway, all that to say, I'm going to go almost all internet this next week so I can focus on important things, like my spiritual life. I'll still check my email, but that's all.
*I bow my knees unto the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, Of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named, That he would grant you, according to the riches of his glory, to be strengthened with might by his Spirit in the **inner man**; That Christ may dwell in your **hearts** by faith; that ye, being rooted and grounded in love, May be able to **comprehend** with all saints what is the breadth, and length, and depth, and height; And to **know** the love of Christ, which passeth knowledge, that ye might be **filled** with all the fulness of God.* Ephesians 3:14-19
 That's what I want.
 Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
