---
title: "Sunday March 20, 2005"
slug: "sunday-march-20-2005"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/sunday-march-20-2005/"
date: "2005-03-20"
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

Yesterday we had class in the morning, even though it was Saturday. So we went up to the staff center at 9:00am as usual. We finished analyzing the form of Mendelssohn’s Hebrides Overture, Op. 26 (what an incredible piece!) in the first hour or so and then launched into a harmonic analysis of the familiar Symphony No.40 in G Minor, K.550 by Mozart. So we labored over the Mozart until 1:00pm. I love music theory.
 Then we left. Minna, JRod, and I headed out to hit the town. I just so happen that the town of Hinsdale is only about a 20 minute walk from the place where we’re staying. So we took a hike. We shopped around and didn’t buy anything, but had a great time. Then we went to a bookstore and I got a really handy Chinese-English dictionary that translates between Simplified Chinese characters, Chinese pinyin (written with ‘English’ letters), and English. So now I am equipped. Then we went into the grocery store and picked up some milk and ice cream. It was the weirdest thing, their selection of ice cream, and I guess of food in general, was really limited but their selection of batteries and toothpaste and hair creams was immense. So we selected the only flavor of ice cream they had (it was a really hard choice) and left. It was only after we left that we realized that we had just shopped the Walgreens. The Food Mart was one store down. So we went in there and bought toothpaste, because we forgot to get any in the Walgreens. Go figure. But at least we won’t make that series of mistakes again if we go to Hinsdale.
 
 Today we went to Dr. Kincaid’s church. It is very big. He invited us because Rodrick Dixon was in to sing the lead role in The Passion Oratorio that the church was putting on. Dixon has an incredible voice. They had a large orchestra; and choir. So let’s just say that instead of hearing a sermon this week, I heard the most awesome musical experience I’ve ever had in a church. Wow, God-breathed words coming from a world-class tenor and huge choir to the background of a 40-piece orchestra and top it off with real, live timpani! So yes, it was great. Today for lunch we have put together the Second Ever Verity Pot-Luck Dinner (the first was September last year at the same place: HQ Staff Center). So, we will enjoy the food.
 
 I hope your life isn’t to boring. 
 
 Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
