---
title: "Friday April 15, 2005"
slug: "friday-april-15-2005"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/friday-april-15-2005/"
date: 2005-04-15
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

Life by the Moment
 I live life as it comes. I plan ahead some, but mainly I just concentrate on what is happening now and leave the future open, always trying to be prepared for anything. It is a good system and it works very well for me. I even have a Bible verse to back up this lifestyle: Matthew 6:34 "Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof."
 This way on life is not without it's danger. Living by the moment can cause us to become so consumed with our circumstances that we forget what is happening. We see the present situations as so large that we can't even see the big picture. We have a paradox: we are so immersed in our situations that we become unaware of our situation.
 Here is a test to see whether this momentary lifestyle has given you over to be the hostage of every thing that happens. Do you let the little things in life determine your attitude and define who you are? One little trial should not wreck your day. I understand if you are sad because your grandmother died, that is normal; but if you are wallowing in misery because you did not get to do something you had wanted to do, that is maybe a sign that something is wrong.
 Life is bigger than an isolated series of events. I believe that everything in life works together for a larger purpose. Romans 8:28 "And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose." I do not often focus on my future, but I do know that there is more to life than the present. By living in the present with a constant conscientiousness of the future, I can weather the little turbulences of life with being affected to my core.
 If you have this problem, if you take life too seriously, maybe you should pull back and try to see a little more. Get your head out of your pillow and try to see the rest of the room. Life is hard, but your life probably isn't that bad. Doug Horton said, "Life is good when we think it's good. Life is bad when we don't think." Please think! Don't flounder in your trials, be grateful for your blessings.
 Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
