---
title: "Monday March 14, 2005"
slug: "monday-march-14-2005"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/monday-march-14-2005/"
date: "2005-03-14"
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

Arlan, Laura Cribb, and Rachel Smith drove Minna and I down here to HQ on Sunday. We picked up Eli once we were here. After picking up the food that Minna and I and Josh will be cooking for the next two week we went out and hit Chicago. We went to Chinatown for lunch. Jou dzu, milk tea, and Chinese barbeque: it was delicious, and memorable, and memorous. I love that food. Then we went to what has to be about the heatest mall archtecturally I''ve ever seen. The way the different levels and half-levels went up and down conected by ramps and staircases was incredible. I know several girls who would have died to go shopping in some of those little specialty shops (or even the big anchors), but Arlan, Eli, and I were happy to bump around in the Apple Comupter Store. Very neat place, even though I guess I'm a Windows guy since I own a Dell. Rachel was able to get her course work sent off on the Apple internet and Minna and Laura went off to do some girl shopping. It was really fun. Then we went to Giordano's Pizza, the best pizza in the world, and ordered a stuffed crust for dinner. Very tasty. The we headed back to the HQ. Minna and I hopped off, and the others drove back to Flint. JRod met up Sunday night and we were ready to take on the music course. It was a long day today of music theory but I think that it's going to be fun, it always is. I'll spare you the technical details.
 Hope this finds you all well.
 Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
