---
title: "Thursday March 17, 2005"
slug: "thursday-march-17-2005"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/thursday-march-17-2005/"
date: 2005-03-17
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

Well, here at HQ we celebrated Saint Patrick's Day in fine style. Having never celebrated it before, I don't feel the liberty to call him Ol' Paddy. Anyway, we had corned beef and cabbage and potatos for lunch. and afterwards a couple of laddies hopped up and sang a funny Irish song. It made fun of the religious differences in Ireland with the northern Protestants (and the Scottish) being orange and the southern Catholics being green. Knowing that, I'll wear orange next time. I have a little Irish blood in me, but the highlands of Scotland are where I really come from.
 Ryan
 **The Orange and the Green**
*words and music by A. Murphy*
 My father was an Ulster man, proud Protestant was he.
 My mother was a Catholic girl, from county Cork was she.
 They were married in two churches, lived happily enough,
 Until the day that I was born and things got rather tough.
    Chorus:
    Oh, it is the biggest mix-up that you have ever seen.
    My father, he was Orange and me mother, she was green.
 Baptized by Father Riley, I was rushed away by car,
 To be made a little Orangeman, my father's shining star.
 I was christened "David Anthony," but still, inspite of that,
 To me father, I was William, while my mother called me Pat.
 With Mother every Sunday, to Mass I'd proudly stroll.
 Then after that, the Orange lodge would try to save my soul.
 For both sides tried to claim me, but i was smart because
 I'd play the flute or play the harp, depending where I was.
 Now when I'd sing those rebel songs, much to me mother's joy,
 Me father would jump up and say, "Look here would you me boy.
 That's quite enough of that lot", he'd then toss me a coin
 And he'd have me sing the Orange Flute or the Heros of The Boyne
 One day me Ma's relations came round to visit me.
 Just as my father's kinfolk were all sitting down to tea.
 We tried to smooth things over, but they all began to fight.
 And me, being strictly neutral, I bashed everyone in sight.
 My parents never could agree about my type of school.
 My learning was all done at home, that's why I'm such a fool.
 They've both passed on, God rest 'em, but left me caught between
 That awful color problem of the Orange and the Green*
*
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
