---
title: "Thursday June 29, 2006"
slug: "thursday-june-29-2006"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/thursday-june-29-2006/"
date: "2006-06-29"
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

'Conversation' on the way to work
Radio preacher: "Christ always leads us in glorious procession. And then\*chunk\*Christ always leads us in glorious procession. And then\*chunk\*Christ always leads us in glorious procession. And then\*chunk\*Christ always..." for about 40 more times.
\*sudden silence\*
Me: "Praise the Lord!"
Radio preacher: "\*chunk\*Christ always leads us in glorious procession. And then\*chunk\*Christ always leads us in glorious procession. And then\*chunk\*Christ always leads us in glorious procession. And then\*chunk\*Christ always..." for about 50 more times.
\*sudden silence\*
Me (hesitantly): Praise the Lord!"
\*muffled voices\*
\*Christian elevator music\*
I turned off the radio for a few minutes and then turned it back on to find the preacher finally preaching his message. Quite powerful, as usual for him. I enjoy hearing these morning sermons on the way to work. I'll have to figure out something else when I move into town and don't have the 25 minute drive anymore.
And thus I got to work where we ran this stuff that smells horrible, but is apparently really healthy. We ran it all day. We do more tomorrow. I am currently staying late to do a little extra to help ease the load for tomorrow.
At 9:00 this morning I signed the papers to rent The Vicarage. Hopefully I'll get some time tomorrow to have the various utilities started - especially electricity and water, gas and trash can wait a little while. I guess I'll move in next week. Yippee!
Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
