---
title: "Tuesday November 21, 2006"
slug: "tuesday-november-21-2006-2"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/tuesday-november-21-2006-2/"
date: "2006-11-21"
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

What would you think if you found out that your fatherly boss was the greatest mass murderer in history\*? Read the story of Traudl Junge in her biographical Until the Final Hour: Hitler's Last Secretary written in 1947 only two years after his death.
Excerpt - p.37, 2004 Arcade Publishing edition
     "But that was not the end of the conversation. It looked as if Hitler wanted to say something more, and he seemed to be searching for the right words. Finally he said, smiling at me and almost speaking awkwardly, that he knew I was still very young [23 years old], there were many men here [Wolf's Lair, the mountain headquarters], most of the seldom went home and - well, soldiers feel particularly strongly attracted to the Eternally Feminine - in short, I must be careful, not too forthcoming. And if I had any complaints of anyone pestering me, never mind who it was, I was to come and tell him about it, any time.
     "So much for the swearing-in ceremony!  I hadn't expected anything like that. I'd thought I might have to provide evidence of my loyalty to National Socialism and the Part, vow to be loyal and promise to keep secrets. Instead, here was Hitler himself showing solicitude for my virtue. I was really relieved, because I could honestly tell him he had nothing to worry about there, but I was very grateful for his protection. He smiled, entrusted me to the care of my [two] older colleagues, and now I was Hitler's secretary.
     "From then on [Jan 30, 1943], except for a few weeks' holiday [her honeymoon with his personal valet Hans Junge], there were very few days when I didn't see Hitler, talk to him, work with him, or share meals with him."
It's an interesting, inside view of the man posterity labels a monster, and whose name as become a synonym of ruthless evil.
Ryan
\* Since that time Hitler's 'death toll' has been surpassed by Stalin and Mao Tse-Tung.
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
