---
title: "Thursday July 20, 2006"
slug: "thursday-july-20-2006"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/thursday-july-20-2006/"
date: 2006-07-20
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

I am an analytically idealistic optimist. Here's my analysis.
I can start the day on a dour note, but I normally end up feeling pretty good by the end of the day. Even if it turns out a be a fairly long day of work on only a meager helping of sleep (like today). I believe it is important to stay connected to reality, but just as important to mentally dwell on the good. This is not lighting candles and singing Kum Ba Ya on the beach, this is just habitual, general, love as found in 1 Corinthians 13:7 - "[love] Beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeth all things, endureth all things." I choose to believe the best that is reasonably possible, even when it's not easy. And it's often not.
Because simple cheeriness has limits. Being positive without ideals leads to disillusionment. The simple truth is that not everything is perfect, some things are bad, unpleasant, inferior, painful, etc. I use 'idealism" here to mean "the pursuit of or belief in an ideal that is based on a fixed moral standard." (my own definition) I strive for perfection. I believe in the good, recognize the bad, and try to reach for the best.
"I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus." Philippines 3:14
I want to hear "Well done, thou good and faithful servant: ... enter thou into the joy of thy Lord" (Matthew 25:23) at the end of my life.
Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
