---
title: "Thursday July 13, 2006"
slug: "thursday-july-13-2006"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/thursday-july-13-2006/"
date: 2006-07-13
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

I can't help laughing at Ogden Nash. Read them all, it's worth it.
Arthur
There was an old man of Calcutta,
Who coated his tonsils with butta,
Thus converting his snore
From a thunderous roar
To a soft, oleaginous mutta.
Song of the Open Road
I think that I shall never see
A billboard lovely as a tree;
Indeed, unless the billboards fall
I'll never see a tree at all
Llamas
The one-L lama, he's a priest.
The two-L llama, he's a beast.
And I would bet a silk pajama
There isn't any three-L lllama.
The Fly
The Lord, in His wisdom, made the fly.
And then forgot to tell us why.
Camels
The Camel has a single hump,
The dromedary two,
Or else the other way around,
I'm never sure - are you?
A Word to Husbands
To keep your marriage brimming
With love in the loving cup,
Whenever you're wrong, admit it;
Whenever you're right, shut up.
The Ketchup Bottle
First a little,
Then a lottle.
The Germ
A mighty creature is the germ,
Though smaller than the pachyderm.
His customary dwelling place
Is deep within the human race.
His childish pride he often pleases
By giving people strange diseases.
Do you, my poppet, feel infirm?
You probably contain a germ.
The Duck
 Behold the duck.
 It does not cluck.
 A cluck it lacks.
 It quacks.
 It is specially fond
 Of a puddle or pond.
 When it dines or sups,
 It bottoms ups.
The Hunter     
The hunter crouches in his blind
'Neath camouflage of every kind
And conjures up a quacking noise
To lend allure to his decoys.
This grown-up man, with pluck and luck,
Is hoping to outwit a duck.
So funny. That is true poetry right there! I think The Hunter is my favorite. And of course, there are many more great Ogden Nash poems out there.
Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
