---
title: "Saturday March 10, 2007"
slug: "saturday-march-10-2007"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/saturday-march-10-2007/"
date: 2007-03-10
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

I got to share Jesus with two people tonight at the coffeeshop.
One was a kid Robert from the high school. He seemed interested and listened closely. He says that all religions worship the same God and that he dosn't really like religion. I told him it's not about religion, about protocol, about doing the right thing: it's about a relationship with Christ. Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in Thy name? and in Thy name have cast out devils? and in Thy name done many wonderful works? And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you: depart from Me, ye that work iniquity. Matthew 7:22-23. What's important on judgement day is not what we have done, but the Jesus knows us: we're friends, we have a relationship. As for all religions being the same with slight differences, Pauls states the core of the Gospel clearly in 1 Corinthians 15:3-8, "For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures; And that He was buried, and that He rose again the third day according to the Scriptures: And that He was seen of Cephas, then of the twelve: After that, He was seen of above five hundred brethren at once; of whom the greater part remain unto this present, but some are fallen asleep. After that, He was seen of James; then of all the apostles. And last of all He was seen of me also, as of one born out of due time." Only truth will save, and Jesus is the Truth. Pauls says in Galations 1:8-9, "But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed. As we said before, so say I now again, If any man preach any other gospel unto you than that ye have received, let him be accursed."
The other guy was Tony who I've known for a few months. I invited him to church. We didn't talk long at all, but I hope he comes.
The coffeeshop is (in the words of Mr. Garvin) a good fishing hole.
Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
