---
title: "Tuesday May 10, 2005"
slug: "tuesday-may-10-2005"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/tuesday-may-10-2005/"
date: "2005-05-10"
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

When life confuses me I struggle to keep a good attitude. I don't have to know everything or agree with everything, but I like to understand everything. Of course, I don't, which makes life fun as I puzzle things out and learn. But when I'm totally confused about something, that is when I struggle to maintain a good attitude.
 I struggled today.
 Fortunately, I think I'm starting to come to grips with what is happening. But before that, God asked me, "Can you be OK even if you don't understand?" The answer was obvious: "NO!" But as I struggled inside, I gradually came to accept the fact that not everything needs to make sense.
 Some people say that when God shuts a door it to protect us from calamity. I believe that true. But maybe not all the time. Did I miss the plane because if I was on it would have crashed, or because He wanted to teach me patience? So I am thinking, maybe God makes my life confusing just to make me trust. OK, I'll trust. But it can be hard. Especially when I do such a great job understanding my own life, to have to give it to God. But I must believe that He has something bigger in mind than I ever could. Now comes the real challenge: can I still trust God when I can control my life? When it's sane, which is most of the time, can I still let Him run the show? Let me pray that I can.
 Yes, life is full of surprises. And the worst ones are the ones that are no surprise at all. I hate a surprise I can see coming. Probably because then it is not, strictly speaking, a surprise.
 Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
