---
title: "Saturday March 19, 2005"
slug: "saturday-march-19-2005"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/saturday-march-19-2005/"
date: "2005-03-19"
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

Well nothing is happening here that anyone but music theory geek would find interesting. A theory buff would be loving every moment though, and so I am. But other than that nothing happened. By the way, here at HQ they only serve one meal a day, so we have to make our own breakfast and dinner.
 That reminds me. I made a sandwich for dinner. A sandwich. I decided it would taste better if I gave the bread a light frying with a tiny touch of oil. Unfortunately, the little bit extra oil combined with highest heat and too much cook time was overkill. The fire alarm started going off. So I reaching in the pan and burned my thumb. I threw the bread on the floor. Oh no, that was dinner. Then I stuck my thumb under the faucet, but the faucet doesn't work right, so it sprayed water all over the counter and me. And the stove, causing huge clouds of steam to form, as if the smoke wasn't enought. Then I took the pan off the stove and spilled some in JRod's noodles. Sorry JRod. He started yelling about the alarm, which reminded me, oh yeah, that thing is ringing. So I started to to follow JRod's directions and open a window but I took a wrong turn at the stove and almost ran into the spectator gathering at our open door. So I ran the other way into the bedroom and tried to open the window. Ouch! That's right, I just burned my finger. I think I heard that this used to be a mental asylum, well, the windows are perfect. No one could get out of one of these windows here, I had enought trouble just getting air out. Just about then the fire alarm stopped sounding. So I picked up my burnt piece of bread and the other previously toasted slice and made a sandwich. It actually tasted really good, although the top slice probably moved my heart attack ahead two years. I guess Sandy was mentioning Callie's percieved lack of [cooking skills](http://www.xanga.com/item.aspx?user=verityworkaholic&tab=weblogs&uid=224611028). Well, this is how I do it. I consider myself as a really good cook. Let's just say, with cooking like tonights dinner, do you think people would watch my chef TV program? Let the ratings decide.
 So no, I guess nothing happened today.
 Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
