---
title: "Thursday June 15, 2006"
slug: "thursday-june-15-2006"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/thursday-june-15-2006/"
date: "2006-06-15"
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

Today was waste.
No, I did not forget a word in there. Today we dried, or attempted to dry, waste. Waste is that stuff that nobody wants. This company sent us 5 buckets of paper plant waste to dry. It cam pretty dry already so we had to mix it with water to liquefy it to make it into powder. I have no clue why someone would want paper plant waste powder. Remember, waste is the stuff nobody wants.
It came in two contrasting varieties. Sample 1 was gray and chalky and turned into gray water (attention RV people). It stunk like a sewer and splashed like slip'n'slide. But it dried like a charm.
Sample 2 was off-white, fibrous, and clumpy. It looked like a cross between oatmeal and  throw-up. It smelled like an old newspaper. We tried everything all afternoon to dry that stuff. We even went to Wal\*Mart and bought a blender to try to smoothing out some. Even at only 1.4% solids it would not dry. Kept plugging up all our hoses. We finally gave up trying at 6:30. What a waste. Okay, enough of that overdone pun.
I get to clean up the mess tomorrow. Hose happy!
I like this job, mostly. Unpleasant sometimes, but interesting. We get some heartpounding action going sometimes when the dryer overheats, or the cyclone rains, or whatever else might happen. By the way, the cyclone rained today, and it was my fault, at least no harm was done. I like this job.
Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
