---
title: "Friday June 30, 2006"
slug: "friday-june-30-2006"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/friday-june-30-2006/"
date: "2006-06-30"
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

I can still say I've never been in a wreck.
This morning I didn't have to be into work until 10:00. So I managed to get the utilities registered to my new house: electric, water, cable internet and gas. I also registered at the address at the post office and got an AZ driver's licence. So I was busy. I was just on my way to the North side of town to go to work when I realized I had left my cell phone at the Dept. Motor Vehicles. I went back and got it, right where I'd set it down for the picture.
I was in the turn lane on Main Street to get on the Beeline Highway when the dilapidated, lime green pickup truck with the violently pro-gun bumper stickers started backing up towards me. I couldn't back up because I had a ritzy white SUV behind me. So I watched as the sickly-colored jalopy, loudly pouring thick smoke out it's exhaust pipe, coasted into my front bumper. The driver looked upset. But his wild hand motions and facial expressions and scruffy appearance made him look more like the character from a wanted poster than a fellow motorist. I mentally noted his licence plate.
We pulled out onto Beeline Highway and he was going really slow in the slow lane, so I passed him in the fast lane (35 mph) and cut across his front into a carwash. He followed. I guess that's what his charade meant: "pull over at the next place." He and his little son got out and he appologized as we looked at my bumper. It's plastic. On either side of the front place is a little plastic bulge. He bumped the bulge and cracked a little paint. I tell you what, even I can push the bulge. I told he not to worry about it. He said he was on the way to get his clutched fixed. Sure enough, less than a mile up the road he turned into a mechanic's shop.
So it all ended well. And I can still say I've never been in a wreck.
I'm stay at work late again doing that putrid health stuff. At least they pay us (the company) a killing for each kilogram of powder we make. So somebody must think it's valuable.
Tomorrow morning I'm going to the Beaver Valley Fire Department's pancake breakfast. Beaver Valley is the community where 'my' cabin is, nestled in and surrounded be the Tonto National Forest on all sides. Fire Departments are popular out here in the tindered forests of Arizona. So we'll see how good they cook.
Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
