---
title: "Sunday June 10, 2007"
slug: "sunday-june-10-2007"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/sunday-june-10-2007/"
date: "2007-06-10"
tags: ["the news"]
categories: ["Uncategorized", "Xanga"]
description: ""

---

Though not entirely new, this story is fairly recent.
So the UK, not content with having 4.2 million closed circuit cameras filming the normal citizen an average 300 times a day, is upping the crime fighting ploy. They have added speakers to the cameras so that monitoring authorities can scold citizens for "anti-social behavior," like littering. Of course it's not all bad, the chiding voices are recordings of friendly children, like that makes me feel better: getting blasted by a 6-year-old. And if getting anonymously reprimanded in public was not enough, they are planning to equip the them with microphones (to detect "aggresive tones" by pitch, volume, and speed) and lip-reading software (to search for "key words and sentences”) to automatically notify authorities of criminal intent. It gets better, because they are also deploying fully-outfitted, 2-foot, stealth helicopter drones which, through preprogrammed flight plans or remote control, are are able to track down suspicious individuals.
And finally, if you're planning on going to England, go soon. They are preparing to install x-ray to the cameras also. This will help in the dark, and with weapons and explosives detection. Oh, and everyone shows up on the screen naked. We shouldn't be surprised, they've already got cameras in the bathrooms (I can't believe 45% of Britons approved the decision).
All this in spite of a British Government study that found that lighting was more effective in lowering crime than cameras. I say, put in some lights, oh, and return their guns. But please, don't remove my clothes and then yell at me!
The Raw Story 5-30-07 article: [Orwell rolls in his grave](http://rawstory.com/news/2007/Orwell_rolls_in_his_grave_0530.html)
Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
