---
title: "Tuesday July 24, 2007"
slug: "tuesday-july-24-2007"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/tuesday-july-24-2007/"
date: "2007-07-24"
tags: ["Bible", "God's will", "things to work on"]
categories: ["Christianity", "Journal", "Xanga"]
description: ""

---

I get really mad today. Which is surprising since I'm a really easy going person and not much shakes me in that way. I can't remember being mad for months, and then I'm fuming. It was kind of scary: I was seconds away from saying some imprudent things. As 1 Corinthians 10:12 says, "Wherefore let him that thinketh he standeth take heed lest he fall." Fortunately I took heed and called my Mom where she was able to get my mind back on good things (Philippians 4:8).
It's interesting that 1 Corinthians 10:12 is proceeded by some verses on the Israelites in the desert in verses 1-11. "... brethren, I would not that ye should be ignorant, how that all our fathers were under the cloud, and all passed through the sea; and were all baptized unto Moses in the cloud and in the sea; and did eat the same spiritual meat; and did drink the same spiritual drink: for the drank of that spiritual Rock that followed them: and that Rock was Christ. But with many of them God was not pleased: for they were overthrown in the wilderness. ... Neither be ye idolaters ... commit fornication ... tempt Christ ... murmur ... as some of them ... and were destroyed of the destroyer. Now these things happened unto them for ensamples: and they are written for our admonition, upon whom the ends of the world are come." Then finally, "Wherefore let him that thinketh he standeth take heed lest he fall."
And it's so easy to get caught up in Christless actions and attitudes. Take heed. I got a big warning today. Thank God for Mom!
Ryan
By the way, my xanga is now 2¹° days old.
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
