---
title: "Friday May 12, 2006"
slug: "friday-may-12-2006"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/friday-may-12-2006/"
date: "2006-05-12"
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

"Trust in the Lord, and do good; so shalt thou dwell in the land, and verily thou shalt be fed. Delight thyself also in the Lord; and He shall give thee the desires of thine heart. Commit thy way unto the Lord; trust also in Him; and He shall bring it to pass. And He shall bring forth thy righteousness as the light, and thy judgment as the noonday. Rest in the Lord, and wait patiently for Him. The meek shall inherit the earth; and shall delight themselves in the abundance of peace. The Lord knoweth the days of the upright: and their inheritance shall be for ever. The steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord: and he delighteth in His way. The righteous shall inherit the land, and dwell therein for ever. The mouth of the righteous speaketh wisdom, and his tongue talketh of judgment. The law of his God is in his heart; none of his steps shall slide. Wait on the Lord, and keep His way, and He shall exalt thee to inherit the land. Mark the perfect man, and behold the upright: for the end of that man is peace."
          \~ Psalm 37:3-7b, 11, 18, 23, 29-31, 34a, 37
"No good thing will He withhold from them that walk uprightly."
          \~ Psalm 84:11b
I believe these promises. I look forward to experiencing blessings like the psalmist describes. May I be an upright, perfect, righteous, good man! Following the Lord is not only the right thing to do, it's also the smart thing to do; The whole book or Proverbs is dedicated to demonstrating that fact.
Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
