---
title: "Thursday October 12, 2006"
slug: "thursday-october-12-2006-2"
wordpress_url: "http://www.ryanclarke.net/post/thursday-october-12-2006-2/"
date: "2006-10-12"
tags: []
categories: ["Xanga"]
description: ""

---

So apparently Faas likes to throw his clean clothes on the floor, the washroom floor. Floor \> washer \> dryer \> floor. Come to think of it, that sounds like my program too: The Laundry Cycle.
=   =   =   =   =   =   =
What's the common factor between terror, cows, and shmoly? They're all supposedly holy. Just repeating what I've heard.
=   =   =   =   =   =   =
In light of my growing readership, largely consisting of onetime visits from such suspicious sounding xangas as "lllllllllllllllllll44444," "vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvHHHHHH," and "whydidgodcreatemichigan," and also Google, I have decided to post a FAQ  of who we are here at classicalRyan, meaning: "me". Here is the classicalRyan FAQ (pronounced. 'fak [not to be confused with a "fact," which is true] meaning questions you didn't ask but we're going to give you the answers anyway).
Q: Is "classicalRyan" your real name?
A: No. It's a nom de plume meaning, literally, "plumed name," "plume" being a trail of smoke hiding my real identity, which I assure you really exists.
Q: Why don't you post pictures more often?
A: I don't feel like editing them to a web-friendly size. Also, a picture's only worth about two words: "great pics," and also two worthless gif medallions.
Q: Will you please post pictures? Please? Please? Or just one? Please?
A: Wow, that is a frequently asked question. Yes. I plan on posting a few pictures from the recent youth trip on went on in the next few days.
Q: Why do you let Faas beat you in tennis?
A: Because I stink have the milk of human kindness by the quart in every vein.
Q: Who even is "whydidgodcreatemichigan?"
A: I don't know. Since they have obviously decided to almost completely disable the first amendment on their site in favor of the fifth amendment, you should use the only recourse available and [message them](http://www.xanga.com/message.aspx?user=whydidgodcreatemichigan). I think they would be wise to read the end of Job before they start questioning God's creative handiwork.
Q: Why is this boldfaced?
A: You must have pressed the black "B" button.
Q: Does anyone even ask these question?
 A: No comment.
Q: Go to bed.
A: Why?
Ryan
Originally posted at classicalRyan.xanga.com
